you know we do our show in LA and though
we all love each other deeply there is a
rivalry between the two biggest cities
in America it always has been
probably always will be but where does
it come from is it based on stereotypes
this is something that we learn and if
so when do we learn it I wanted to
explore this interesting topic so we
sent a camera crew to talk to kids in
both cities we asked kids in LA what
they think about New Yorkers and asked
kids in New York for their opinions on
Los Angelenos and the result is this
very special kids menu edition of New
York versus LA
what do you think about people from New
York um they're kind of cranky sometimes
they kind of ignore you when you go
there what have you heard about people
from LA not really on the price they're
like they're not that bright what are
people from LA like strong what do you
think about people from New York people
are crazy what do you think about people
from Los Angeles mostly into plastic
surgery what do you think about people
from New York very nasty and people are
so sometimes rude what kind of nasty
things are there like Oh bats and a
baseball team has a better baseball team
New York LA New York Mets well this year
Kuzma metal next who's better the Mets
or the Dodgers
de Guiche
I hate cheese but Lee how come you can
see because he broke ones and that's a
legs what's the worst thing about New
York Donald Trump's there he's the
dumbest person in LA
probably a manager of the LA Dodgers
what do people in New York complain most
about maybe that it's too busy yeah and
what do you think people in LA complain
most about that there's too much gluten
in the world who smarter people in New
York or LA definitely New York how come
you guys are smarter a lot of people
know how to do things way faster and
people grow up way faster but when I a
dry faster like like today I might
dissipate yesterday I was like this big
oh my god
you do an impression of someone from LA
sure okay
you want to go shopping JCPenney oh my
god this is a cute
how do you think people in LA talk oh
hey dude what's up
how's your business go good who drinks
more people in New York or LA how come
but you can just tell people are always
drunk
are you drunk right now who's the
dumbest person in LA ya kiddin cut - key
[Applause]
[Music]
hi i'm jimmy kimmel thanks for watching
if you'd like to see more click below to
subscribe to our youtube channel and if
not do nothing at all
[Music]